# cs230
The client for this project the Gaming Room is a game developer seeking to make a web-based game available on more platforms. The challenge was to research different platforms and reasons all the drawbacks and advantages to using each one and the potential methods of making the game available as the client intended.
In creating this document, I tried to throughly disclose what I knew and discovered about each platform.
Developing the design doc itself actually helped me look at the code and reason why it had to be written the way it was.
For the design document, I could have developed a cleaner explanation of the UML since they are sometimes difficult to read.
Referring to the user's needs guided me in what parts of the doc needed to be absolutely thorough. If a company is trying to port a web game to so many different platforms, they need to be very well informed of the challenges to their goal. Things such as cost, staffing and timelines are all important to developers. Having a thorough brief of what lies ahead is a good way to help them decide what to do as they proceed in software development.
My approach to software is to first thoroughly understand what the client wants the software to be able to do and then research and determine how to most efficiently make that goal possible. In the future, I will definitely continue to use similar techniques to outline the technical requirements of my software and the pitfalls and advantages of employing different strategies in development. Having a detailed written plan can only help in such an involved process.
